Förberedelser
Skapa grupp AZ500Admins
Skapa användare Marcus Rosenberg

Configure an access review
1. In the Portal, search for and select Identity Governance.
2. Under Access Reviews select Access Reviews.
3. Click New Access Review.
4. We will create an access review to ensure the validate the AZ500Admin group membership.
5. Complete the required information and discuss each setting. Configuration settings are added as you 
make your selections. For example, if you select a weekly access review, you will be prompted for the 
duration.
● Review name: AZ500Review
● Start date: current date
● Frequency: One-time
● Users to review: Members of a group
● Scope: Everyone
● Select a group: AZ500Admins
● Reviewers: Selected user
● Select reviewers: *add yourself as a reviewer
● Review the Upon completion settings, specifically the action if a reviewer doesn't respond.
● Review Advanced settings.
6. Start the access review.
7. On the Access review page ensure the new access review is listed.
8. The Status will change from Not started to Initializing.

Conduct an access review
In this task, we will conduct an access review.
1. When the access review is complete you will receive an email. This is the email associated with your 
reviewer account.
2. View the email and discuss the review instructions. Note when the review period will end.
3. In the email, click Start review.
4. On the Access reviews page, click the AZ500Review.
5. Notice you are reviewing the AZ500Admin group members. There are two members.
6. Use the Details link to view information about the user.
7. Select Approve for one user and Deny for the other. Be sure to provide a Reason.
8. Submit your reviews.

Review the access review results
In this task, we will review the access review results.
1. Return to the Portal.
2. Click the AZ500Review.
3. From the Overview blade review the results.
4. There should be one member approved and one member denied.
5. Click Results for more detailed information about the reviewer and their reasons.
6. From the Overview blade, click Stop and confirm you want to stop the review.
7. The Review status should now be Complete.

Apply the access review
In this task, we will apply the review results.
1. In the Portal, search for and select Azure Active Directory.
2. Under Manage select Groups.
3. Locate the AZ500Admins group.
4. Review the members of the group.
5. Confirm there are two members.
6. Return to the AZ500Review.
7. Click Apply. (Review måste vara stoppad)
8. Confirm that you want to remove the denied member.
9. The Review status will change from Applying to Result applied.
10. Verify the AZ500Admins group now only has one member.
